Adding basic examples (#884)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/list-workers.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

> ## Basic example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic examples

```

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

## Basic examples

> This example will list worker machines in the `Default worker pool` in the default space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists worker machines in the `Default worker pool` in the default space:
```

```text
octo list-workers --workerPool="Default worker pool" --server="https://MyOctopusServer" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey"
```

> This example will list all workers in MyWorkerPool that are disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists all workers in MyWorkerPool that are disabled:
```

```text
octo list-workers --workerPool="MyWorkerPool" --server="https://MyOctopusServer" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey" --disabled="true"
```

> This example will list all workers with a status of `Unknown` in the [Target - NGINX](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-104) space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists all workers with a status of `Unknown` in the [Target - NGINX](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-104) space:
```
